Question 1: What are undeclared and undefined values?
  An Undeclared value is a variable that is declared but has been assigned no value. e.g x = 5;
  An Undefined value is a variable that is declared but has been assigned no value. e.g var x;

Question 2:What is called Vasriable typing in JS?
  Variable typing in Javascript occurs when javascript assigns a datatype to a variable that has been assigned a value.

Question 3: Explain the difference between "==" and "==="?
  "==" is used for comparing the values of two variables but it ignores their datatypes.
  "===" is used for comparing two variables by checking both their values and datatypes.

Question 4: What is an undefined value in JS?
  An undefined value in JS is a declared variable that has no assigned value.

Question 5: How are Javascript and ECMAscript related?
  ECMAscript is az standardization for creating a generalized purpose scripting language and javascript is an 
  implementation of the ECMAscript specification that tells us how to use a scripting language.

Question 6: List some features of JS?
  Validating user's input.
  It is platform independent.
  It has the let/const/var for declaring variables.
  It is template literal.
  It can perform simple client-side calculations.

Question 7: List some advantages of JS?
  It can support all modern browsers and produce equivalent results.
  It is employed everywhere on the web.
  It is comparatively fast for the end users.
  It is easy to debug and test.
  It requires no compilation.

Question 8: Differences between client-side JS and server-side JS?
  1. The client side works at the front end and the source code is visible to the user while the server-side works in the
  back end and the sourcecode is not visible to users.
  2.The client-side JS works on the user's computer while the server-side JS works on the web server.
  3.The client-side is insecure while the server side is relatively secure.

Question 9: Are Java and Javascript the same. If yes why? if no why?
  No, they are not the same require different ways to execute codes. Some of their differences are:
  1.Java script is a code all- text while java code must be compiled.
  2.Java script is specifically an object oriented scripting language while java is an object oriented programming language.
  3.Java applications can run in any virtual machimne while javascript runs on browsers and servers.

Question 10: How can we detect OS of the client machine usind JS? 
  To detect the operating system on the client machine, one can use the navigator app version or navigator.user Agent property.
  The navigator.app version property is a read only property that returns a strimg which represents the version information 
  of the browser.
  


  
  
